Revision 1.0  - Initial Release 7/19/20
Revision 1.01   Fixed a bug in the ROM test where it would not display the failing bits in the second bank on a banked ROM
		Added a new signature analysis wizard with speech
		Added the JSR vector generator test for the AVG (not implemented on the DVG yet)
		Released 8/1/20

Revision 1.02   Fixed a bug where if the ROM files were not there, it would still say OK for all of the ROM tests in "compare to file" mode
		Added an error display off to the right (resize the window to see it) this will show the last 20 errors encountered by the software

Revision 1.03	Changed the Loading and Saving of configuration files - now you just click load or save and it pops up a dialog box instead of the
		two step process which was confusing in previous versions.
		Added support for measuring the phase2 clock frequency for logic version 1.01 and higher.  The software will work fine with logic 1.0
		but the indicator for the clock frequency will not show up.
		Rearranged the controls on the setup screen to better match the order that you would do things

Revision 1.04	8/11/2020
		Fixed a bug where the "force write" setting would not actually get set when loading the signature file for the wizard
		Added a "notes" section to the signature wizard and the associated files
		Added a selection to pick the sound output device and a test button on the first setup screen

Version 1.051 	 9/15/2020

Rearranged the configuration screens into sections with a tab control so the configuration tab was not so "busy"

Added a watchdog data field to the board configuration to prepare for future logic versions that will "idle" by resetting the watchdog

Added a pre/post write option for memory tests for enabling the ROM and RAM on Williams boards - also can be used as a bank select

Fixed a bug where there would be a timeout in the RAM test for large memories.

The RAM sections now list the chip locations as a comma separated list which works for 1-bit, 2-bit, 4-bit, or 8-bit RAMs.  
Now you just list the locations in a comma separated list, like "J3, K3, L3, ..." from high bit to low bit.  
If RAMs are 4 bit wide you just specify the high nibble , low nibble locations.
If 8 bit you just specify one location.  Then in the RAM test it figures things out based on how many entries there are.  Older configuration files are
backward compatible to be loaded into the new version but new configuration files will not load chip locations into the older software.

In the RAM test there are now lights to indicate success of each bit (removed the Low OK, High OK messages - now it tells you which bits are OK)

Added a vector generator test to load a binary file into the vector memory and run it - this is intended to be used with MAME dumps but has not yet been tested.

Added a vector generator test to just do "VGGO" assuming that the memory already contains the vector program.  
This is useful for repeating tests without loading the memory each time.

Added a "Loop" button on the vector generator screen to repeat the test over and over without having to push a button.


Version 1.06	9/24/2020

Added a "draw single long vector" test, and now you can set the length of the single short or long vector you want to draw (works for AVG only at this point)
Added a way to set the color and intensity latch (not yet tested)


Version 1.07  11/30/2020  **OBSOLETE do not use**

Added support for the new logic (1.03) which has a "turbo mode" for much faster communication with the tester.
Added the trace software which allows a "logic analyzer style" trace of the vector generator state machine and signature analyzer.
The vector generator trace feature allows you to assemble a vector program and run it for a trace or from the normal VG test functions.
In the new logic, the pulse widths are measured with a faster clock and have more resolution - V1.07 software supports this
The new logic keeps track of the previous pulse widths for situations where you want the last two pulse widths (i.e. vector scaling and normalization)

Version 1.08  12/16/2020

Support for V1.04+ logic which has some changes to the trace (now 23 bit count).  
Version 1.03 logic and 1.07 software were not released publically and are obsolete
Added vector generator tests descriptions/notes and reorganized tests screen
Added RAM test cycling to repeat the RAM test and track pass/fail rates and errors over time
Vector generator tests now show a disassembly of the vector generator code that was run.

Version 1.09 1/12/2021

Support for V1.06+ logic which now has the ability to do signature analysis over a range of addresses and also can send a count out to the data lines in write mode
Added a memory block read and write feature
Fixed a bug where you would get an error if trying to save a configuration
Several minor bug fixes and some cleanup

Version 2.0  1/29/2021
Z80 support added to several sections - Z80 clock now multiplies by 7 to give the proper value for the board clock
Board notes section added to board config
Fixed a bug where the trace would loop forever if the vector generator does not halt
Auto-generated signatures added to the signature screen - the software will now automatically generate signatures for A0-A15 and show a match for these when you are probing them.
The time trace now keeps track of the timestamp of the last record when the trace buffer fills, and the time trace will terminate at this value to reduce confusion when some traces have longer time domains than others.
You can now click on the bit error light in the RAM test and it will tell you which chip goes with that bit
Fixed a bug in the STAT instruction for vector assembly and disassembly - it is different for star wars so now the software adjusts according to the VG type

Version 2.01  2/11/2021
Added an Init Sequence function to the board configuration.  Now when you open communication you can do a sequence of writes, reads, or compares to a set of memory locations.
You can now save signature settings and signatures through the save button on the signature wizard tab.

Version 2.02 2/12/2021
When loading a signature configuration file, the start and stop address would get reversed - this bug is fixed in this version.  (it's been there since the start and stop were added but old config files that did not have start and stop would not trigger the bug)

Version 2.10  5/18/2021 (several alpha releases)
New folder structure that is more organized and has all board-related information in single folders.
Added a number of bits field for RAMs so that 4-bit RAMs can pass the RAM test (i.e. Defender CMOS RAM)
Added a ROM type and signatures to the ROM configs - signatures are now used by the auto-signature-wizard generator
Added an init sequence to the signature wizard, board config (when you open the connection) and manual I/O screen
Added options to the RAM config so you can set up banks of memory that are split into a certain block size and spacing - The RAM test now writes and reads to the RAMs according to the config settings so that it will skip around in memory to stay within one bank.
Added block clear to the sequences
Turbo mode now persists when closing and opening the software, connection, etc so you don't have to keep pushing the button
Added browse button on the ROM config tab to find the ROM file more easily
Logic probe added to the manual I/O screen and the sequence will update it while running to probe "live"
Added pulse width and frequency measurements on the manual I/O screen
Fixed several bugs in the DVG tests and added in the missing tests like the JSR test
Fixed font size for known sigs
Known signatures are now calculated correctly if SA is in NOP mode
Enlarged the VG notes area
Added looping feature to ROM test
Set the VG type in the VG trace setup when loading or changing the VG type in the board config - otherwise when you go to assemble or disassemble it will be set to the wrong type for digital boards unless you also set in the VG trace setup or load a trace setup
Added the "nonblock" option to read/write memory blocks for the RAM test as one big block instead of lots of smaller transactions to speed things up for small block sizes.  For writes the "gaps" are filled in with whatever was written by the tester after the board was opened, and reads are processed to check only the relevant parts of the data.
Example RAM block options for centipede: blocksize=0x10,blockspacing=0x40,nonblock=true

Version 2.11
Added logic indicator for the data probe to the vector generator screen
Added and "expect" for reads of a memory sequence (put "expect 0x01" to expect the read to be a 1)  See Gravitar EAROM test example

Version 2.12
Changed the auto load signal names to work better for the digital vector generator

Version 2.13
Added CRC32 to the memory sequence operations - you can now read a section of memory (address and size) and it will calculate the CRC32
The blocks in the memory test has an option (BlockWR) to write and read each block instead of writing all the blocks and then reading them - Possible improvement on Williams memory tests
You can now build a list of signals in the signature wizard without signatures and click a button to copy the current signature to the one that is active
Known signatures now show up even if the address counter is not enabled (all high, all low, or from the signature list) 
You can now right click in the list of signatures and there is a menu option to go to that signature

Version 2.20
Added EAROM testing and a configuration file section for EAROM settings

Version 2.30
Added support for 6808/6802 adapter (logic update to V1.12 or higher required plus mods on older tester boards)
The signature wizard list now auto-scrolls when you reach the bottom while running signatures
Sequences can now write data from a file (in the same folder as the .seq file)
Sequences can also now stream data to a single memory location (FPGA logic 1.12 or higher required) 
Fixed some initialization issues with the outputs screen and also now outputs can change a single bit based on what has been written to that location in the past

Version 2.31 
You can now make the signature wizard not repeat the location if it is the same as the last one to save time waiting for it to speak.

Version 2.40
6809 Halt can now be enabled on the manual I/O screen for newer version logic (V1.12+) and hardware that has the halt/BS+BA connected (PCB 1.6+ or older boards with it wired underneath).  This is for blitter testing.
Williams boards will now auto-disable the watchdog (Caution: the watchdog will not be disabled if the signature analyzer address count is enabled so it has the bus!)

Version 2.41
Looping ROM test would not show count if there was only one ROM (i.e. sound board)  - fixed
Fixed bug where if halt and halt timing was enabled in the manual I/O screen, exiting the screen without turning off HALT would make BS/BA high. 
Memory files in the sequences can now be loaded from the "MemDumps" folder if the file is not found in the sequences folder

Version 2.50
Added SA probe tuning functions (Logic 1.14+ required).
Added "negative" data delay (delays clock) for SA  (Logic V1.14+ required).
Added "comments" and "read bits" to the sequences to output comments and read data in binary to check ports, etc.

Version 2.51
Added patterns to the sequences so you can do a ram test step by step - useful for things like writing once and reading back multiple times to see if the data is changing
Fixed issue in battlezone draw from RAM where the scale was set to 1 instead of 0 so the timing number was off by a factor of about 2

Version 2.60
Fixed VG Draw from RAM for Major Havoc (bytes were swapped corrupting the test)
Support for new Version 3 tester boards that have integrated power switch
Sequences now run as a fifo operation if they are just reads and/or writes which makes them much faster
SA can now loop the init sequence so it can be used to generate the test signals - used for Battlezone mathbox test 2 and 3
Settings in the vector generator test screen now get remembered for each test separately
SA settings will now be restored from where they were when returning to the SA screen

Version 2.61
Fixed a bug that caused errors when transitioning from and to the SA or IO screens when in Z80 mode 

Version 2.62
Cleaned up the power-up sequence for the new version tester to remove the glitch that might have caused lockups every once in a while

Version 2.70  
Added a delete button on the ROMs so you don't have to use the LabVIEW right click to delete an entry
Added Lunar Lander to the vector generator types - The halt signal readback is inverted from Asteroids and AD so the vector generator tests were not working

Version 2.71
Fixed some display issues in the trace display (removed the ... when there is just one clock cycle in the "gap")
Added a count and error condition to the trace acquisition system where it will now give an error if it can't get two consecutive traces to match after 6 tries
The trace acquisition requires two matching traces to move on, and the older software would loop endlessly on a trace that was unstable

Version 2.72
Added some options for acquiring unstable traces and cleaned up the counter for unstable traces so that it will reset when switching signals

Version 2.73
When doing the trace, if reset before trace is selected the software will now first reset the VG before arming the trace acquisition.  Before it would start the trace then reset then run the program

Version 2.74
On the DVG, the reset seems to give a glitch on the halt line causing the timing to not be read.  Added a readout of the time before the reset when running a standard test
